https://rawgit.com/JesperVendelbo/mini_ex/master/mini_ex66/empty-example/index.html


For this mini_ex6 i’ve made an old school clock based on Shiffman’s coding challenge nr. 74. It’s a bit far from the examples Winnie introduced to us on class and the links for inspiration on Github. But when I read Winnies text about generativity a quote made me think about time and a clock: “This implies that the notion of generativity should be primarily focused on systems.”p. 84. And then I thought about one of the systems that are most important to us, and one of those must be time. 
The rules in my program is that there are an hour hand, a minute hand and a second hand. They are connected with the present hour, minute and second and therefore circulates around the center of the canvas. At first there’s only the three hands, but after 10 seconds an arc that follows the second hand appears through an if statement and the number 10 appears too. After 20 another arc  that follows the minute hand appears and the number 20. And the same thing happens at 30 with an arc that follows the hour hand. And then at 40, 50 and 60 seconds the number appears. At 0 seconds it restarts. 

In the program “time” has been generated. The program is evolving throughout every minute and then restarts at 0 seconds. Just like how we live every day. 

This mini_ex helps me to understand how beautiful the it can be to see order in disorder or in simple rules. E.g. just the “simple” program Winnie made with backslash and forward slash. It is quite fascinating to look at the system even though it’s quite simple and acutally just draws either backslash or forward slash. Also another quote about who is the author in Winnies text about generativity make me wonder: “it is no longer the human creator, who arranges the single parts in order to create new meaning through the relationships constructed, instead, a machine, the computer program, takes on the role of the artist (2012, p. 40)” p. 85. When you incorporate rules and a system like an algorithm into a computer, then you can ask who’s is really the author behind the result of the algorithm. Humans have told the program how to calculate and how to process information, but the computer makes all of the hard calculation, and now with the upcoming AI, the author more and more seems like being the program that is inside the AI. As soon as when the program can make its own decisions, then I start to question who is the real author. 
